chore: prepare for release v0.10.0-aplha.8 (#1080)
edgehog-device-manager/edgehog: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.10.0-alpha.8] - 2025-10-28
### Added
- Support for stop campaigns: a deployment campaign can send a `stop` operation on a target release on all devices in a channel.
- Support for start campaigns: a deployment campaign can send a `start` operation on a target release on all devices in a channel.
- Support for upgrade campaigns: a deployment campaign can  `update` a container to a newer version on all devices in a channel.
- Support for delete campaigns: a deployment campaign can send a `delete` message on a target release on all devices in a channel.

> - Reconciliation logics: container information gets reconciled with astarte if some messages get lost. The polling system acts on time windows to avoid traffik spikes in astarte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reconciliation logic: container information gets reconciled with astarte if some messages get lost. The polling system acts on time windows to avoid traffic spikes in astarte.
```

- Retry mechanism: users can manually retry to send necessary messages to a device to deploy a container.
### Changed 
- The deployment state does no longer incorporate events, instead events are available in the `events` field of deployments. Users can access them in a _log_ fashion.
- Removed `last_message` field in deployment.
- With Astarte versions >= 1.3, devices are available in Edgehog upon registration, without waiting for their first connection.
### Fixed

> - Type error on netowkr and volume options prevented users from using advanced driver options both on volumes and networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type error on network and volume options prevented users from using advanced driver options both on volumes and networks.
```

does emacs not support spellcheckers yet? it's almost 2026!

- Removed `last_message` field in deployment.
- With Astarte versions >= 1.3, devices are available in Edgehog upon registration, without waiting for their first connection

> 

Reviewer: shouldn't we update the unreleased tag instead?
